Feat/rapid 3103 streamline order creation (#38)
RapidataAI/rapidata-python-sdk: docs/quickstart_classification.md

Orders are managed through the [`RapidataClient`](reference/rapidata/rapidata_client/rapidata_client.md#rapidata.rapidata_client.rapidata_client.RapidataClient).

Create a client as follows:

```py
from rapidata import RapidataClient

rapi = RapidataClient(client_id=CLIENT_ID, client_secret=CLIENT_SECRET)
```

Contact a Rapidata representative at [info@rapidata.ai](mailto:info@rapidata.ai) to obtain your `CLIENT_ID` and `CLIENT_SECRET`.

### Creating an Order

1. Create a new `Classification Order` and specify the name:

```py
order_builder = rapi.create_classify_order("Simple Classification")
```

2. Add the question you want to ask.

```py
order_builder = order_builder.question("What is shown in the image?")
```

3. add the different answer options:

```py
order_builder = order_builder.options(["Fish", "Cat", "Wallaby", "Airplane"])
```

4. Add the paths to the images you want to classify:

```py
order_builder = order_builder.media(["examples/data/wallaby.jpg"])
```

5. Optionally add additional specifications, here we're adding a specific amount of votes we want per datapoint, there are other functionalities you can explore:

```py
order_builder = order_builder.votes(20)
```

> 6. Finally create the order. This executes all the HTTP requests to the Rapidata API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Finally create the order. This sends the order off for verification and will start collecting responses in shortly.
```
